[Music]
[Applause]
right guys you ready ah trick social
media star Joe sugg dance pass this
competition to make it all the way to
last year's final pip to the post damn
you Stacey Dooley when we made it
through to the final it was the best
feeling because we had experienced every
single dance possible no FOMO last year
I danced with Diane and this year I'm
dancing with fan again weird obviously
now boyfriend and girlfriend having
Diane around a little birthday and we
still get to do dances every now and
then watch a results show and things
give that a go we're doing up there
dancing in the kitchen for the Christmas
show we are doing Street and commercial
[Music]
dancing with Diane is everything I love
it
she she's tough on me it's hard to enjoy
it when you're laughing at me funny I
have definitely made him work hard
there's a lot of counts I can't do
cameras yeah wait she wants the best out
of me she brings the best out of me one
two the biggest thing that the judge
will look for in this type of dance is
how in sync we are when she moves I move
that's the tricky part
this year I'm spending Christmas down
under in Australia with Diana her family
I'm so excited this will be Joey nice
first Christmas together he grew some
presents for them
I reckon that your parents will enjoy
English - look Joe that tastes like
Christmas
silent night of mulled wine little
Christmas Eve I think I want to try the
mulled wine they try better I like that
this one's got my dad's name written all
over it love that boy's name was Mark
hmm it's no brain let's go for this one
because it is gorgeous
to me it's Christmas soul kid for
another year
thank goodness
dancing
Joe son and he's pasta Diane buzz bah
[Music]
[Applause]
ladies and gentlemen the judges have
their scores creak Revel Horwood turn
[Applause]
[Music]
and Bruno Tonioli
[Applause]
[Music]